[ICY-468] Update 2000-01-01-secnumcloud.md: EN improvement + ID control step addition (#2895)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/security/procedures/2000-01-01-secnumcloud.md

1. Contact support using the standard means (email or chat)
2. Provide the following information
   - Name of application
   - Street address of the company / entity
   - Reason of requesting the access
3. An first answer will be provided under 7 business days
4. _First-time domain or project registration only:_ an identity verification will be conducted.

> You may need to prepare the ID card or passport (or use official tools like [France Identité](https://france-identite.gouv.fr/justificatif/)) of the new app owner.

Reviewer: Too vague. Don't use terms like "you may" or too many "ors". The procedure has to be very clear.

Author: Agree about the "may", disagree about the "or"
I'm proposing a change

> You may need to prepare the ID card or passport (or use official tools like [France Identité](https://france-identite.gouv.fr/justificatif/)) of the new app owner.

Author: ```suggestion
Prepare the Identity Document of the new app owner or use official tools like [France Identité](https://france-identite.gouv.fr/justificatif/)).
```

Reviewer: What does "prepare" mean in this context? You mean "send" or "share"?

- The user must have a legitimate reason to access the `osc-secnum-fr1` region:
  create or collaborate an application hosted in this region

> - The user must act as an employee of a company, using his/her company email (domain verification)

Reviewer: Be more explicit with "domain verification"

Author: ```suggestion
- The user must act as an employee of a company, using his/her company email (domain verification ensures that your organization owns or controls the specified domain, allowing you to authenticate and secure email communications sent on behalf of your company)
```

Author: Like this ?

Reviewer: Why change the subject in the middle of the sentence? I would say
```suggestion
- The user must act as an employee of a company, using his/her company email (domain verification  ensures that the organization controls the specified domain, allowing us to authenticate email communications sent on behalf of the company)
```
